hello everybody so I'm playing someone
flag capture the flag and it's hopefully
gonna go well I do have the swarm
equipped so uh yeah I'm wanting to swarm
on some people just see if anyone ah yes
there is a guy here our flag has been
taken hey hostile flag carrier is down
enemy flag acquired I'm so dead I just
knew it I was like I know he has an
assault rifle I don't have toughness I'm
far away from him I'm dead I used to
stop accepting my my fate of death I got
you I will help you I got you homie I
got you I'm dead I'm dead I feel like
I'm dying really fast I people are just
shooting me and I'm just dying so
quickly our flag carrier is down damn uh
no no thank you so there's nobody here
they're going through the middle he's
going all the way to the right
or is he okay we have to kill the sky
dropped our flag I got it we have the
enemy flag I destroyed the c4 I'm gonna
go through the middle I have a lot of
homies here Oh what guys come on oh my
god i went there so you guys can
freaking protect me our flag has been
dropped I should have just gone by
myself around the hedge by hostile UAB
incoming okay they're running through
the middle please kill him be advised
hasta la hunter killer drone inbound
he's come home oh that's what no flag
carriers there's a sniper there I refuse
to take on a sniper flag carrier is down
I'm so dad I'm so dad I'm so dead where
what the hell okay we do have people
running UAVs but apparently they can't
get UAVs we need some UAVs we drop their
flag like badly oh my god they're gonna
capture / they're gonna catch I was like
we have no one over there come on guys
UAV is our flag has been dropped
enemy flag good job did you kill them
good job to try and escort this fucking
dude good job yes good I'm gonna wait up
for I'm gonna pick up the flag enemy
flag acquired got it wait point mark I
should have waited for him got it
captured the enemy flag no friendly
lightning strike him bound
no no they're all over here oh my god I
just we have the enemy flag I don't want
to die man like our flag has been taken
okay go defend my brother's defend Oh
orbital vsat you're a miracle worker oh
crap oh crap okay I'm alive I'm alive it
is a miracle I startled you a bee
incoming our flag carrier is down jump
oh my god listen clock about to expire
hostile hunter killer drone inbound
pasta flag carrier is down huh orbital
least I don't think I'm gonna have time
to run this flag to be honest and I kind
of don't want to enemy flag acquired I'm
just gonna go like stand over here who's
gonna go like chill who's gonna chill
you via
yay the next round and now we have visa
and EMP to start the next round and then
we should be able to get a swarm fairly
quickly after that so that'll be good 18
and for nem a swarm I hope they don't
all quit some of them have quit already
yeah I see the flag you guys ready for
this and then they won't have their map
or anything for the shit it's gonna be
so good it's gonna be so good yeah yeah
okay there's a guy just sitting there
it'll be set online okay her can a go
down good job wire via
I want oh my god I just want him dad I
just want my swarm oh thank god yes
swarm in oh my god oh my god that was so
lame I thought my swarm I killed the guy
that was like camping me up there but
apparently not a flag has been dropped
apparently not a new flag acquired this
is this is cool we're winning this fight
that's going well we've captured the
enemy I'm gonna wait for the next flag
flag I got it oh you quit that's lame
excuse me you guys are like a super
cock-blocking me captured the enemy flag
we're winning this fight there's a guy
right here
sweet desserts leg was there anyone
playing doctor killer drone deployed
well that's the end of the game that's
super lame i hate it when that happens I
hate it when that happens but we got our
swarm right so I guess it's a success I
just I don't like it when people quit
and then the rest of the game is like
easy or boring I don't want easy or
boring games I like to have some type of
resistance but I hope you guys enjoyed
this video swarming on capture the flag
one flag capture flag okay guys I'll
speak to you later bye